alright get another break here it is oh
nine SP authentic for Patrick
actually going to do the
a prestige when it comes one could be in
tomorrow and scheduled for Wednesday
tough but be in tomorrow but we'll do
the SPF in it today and we'll do that
the gold Ron brace pulled more of these
gold rookies base baseman and right off
the authentic you get tons apiece mmm
that's a tiny little autograph Brandon
pegar rather at the bottom go look
enough um geography don't believe that
one's numbered and bass parallel of
panoramic gear res and vice and here's
another gold and Marcus Freeman 150
i believe all the cases with the gold
came in like certain cases excuse to
they would spread them out like one and
every six boxes or something Billy Joe
Dupree but up seems like a lot of the
boxes I got like three gold per box I am
empty looking for natural and regular
auto you bet here it is slide oh it's a
Redemption well it's all based but those
there goes the hair and it is level 2
number 29 what is it 950 Mike Thomas
auto patch I was thinking has money
housing
the Jaguars up another gold Jason
Phillips vice only one more autograph Oh
Cowboys insert Andre road last pack oh
there it is I've always gonna get
shorted Rashad Johnson number 29 99 on
car door rookie otto was it all right
there you have it appreciate it metric
and yeah we'll do those procedure they
come in i'll get them a lot together for
you man Oh see you later